---
title: CentOS之——ab压力测试安装与使用
categories: 精通运维系列
tags: CentOS ab 压力测试
---
转载请注明出处：https://blog.csdn.net/l1028386804/article/details/100762839

### 安装

    
    
    yum -y install httpd-tools

### 参数解释

    
    
    [root@binghe100 ~]# ab
    ab: wrong number of arguments
    Usage: ab [options] [http[s]://]hostname[:port]/path
    Options are:
        -n requests     Number of requests to perform
        -c concurrency  Number of multiple requests to make
        -t timelimit    Seconds to max. wait for responses
        -b windowsize   Size of TCP send/receive buffer, in bytes
        -p postfile     File containing data to POST. Remember also to set -T
        -u putfile      File containing data to PUT. Remember also to set -T
        -T content-type Content-type header for POSTing, eg.
                        'application/x-www-form-urlencoded'
                        Default is 'text/plain'
        -v verbosity    How much troubleshooting info to print
        -w              Print out results in HTML tables
        -i              Use HEAD instead of GET
        -x attributes   String to insert as table attributes
        -y attributes   String to insert as tr attributes
        -z attributes   String to insert as td or th attributes
        -C attribute    Add cookie, eg. 'Apache=1234. (repeatable)
        -H attribute    Add Arbitrary header line, eg. 'Accept-Encoding: gzip'
                        Inserted after all normal header lines. (repeatable)
        -A attribute    Add Basic WWW Authentication, the attributes
                        are a colon separated username and password.
        -P attribute    Add Basic Proxy Authentication, the attributes
                        are a colon separated username and password.
        -X proxy:port   Proxyserver and port number to use
        -V              Print version number and exit
        -k              Use HTTP KeepAlive feature
        -d              Do not show percentiles served table.
        -S              Do not show confidence estimators and warnings.
        -g filename     Output collected data to gnuplot format file.
        -e filename     Output CSV file with percentages served
        -r              Don't exit on socket receive errors.
        -h              Display usage information (this message)
        -Z ciphersuite  Specify SSL/TLS cipher suite (See openssl ciphers)
        -f protocol     Specify SSL/TLS protocol (SSL2, SSL3, TLS1, or ALL)

### 使用模板

模拟并发请求100次，总共请求10000次

命令模板：

    
    
    ab -c 100 -n 10000 待测试网站/系统/接口（建议完整路径）

