---
title: 安卓自定义下拉列表样式_自定义下拉列表样式
categories: 
tags: css html vc++ html5 mooc
---
![安卓自定义下拉列表样式](data:image/png;base64,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)

安卓自定义下拉列表样式

![Custom Drop-Down List
Styling](data:image/png;base64,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)

View demo 查看演示 Download Source 下载源

Hi guys! I’m back with another article just for you, and CSS related of
course! This time, we are going to talk (and do stuff!) about something a bit
more practical than button switches: drop-down lists. The point of this
tutorial is to show how to create nice drop-downs without any image but with
CSS only. We’ll add some line of jQuery to make them work.

嗨，大家好！ 我回来了另一本只为您介绍的文章，并且与CSS有关！ 这次，我们将讨论(并做一些事情！)比按钮开关更实用的东西：下拉列表。
本教程的重点是显示如何创建美观的下拉菜单，而不显示任何图像，而仅使用CSS。 我们将添加一些jQuery行以使其工作。

A few things before starting:

开始之前的几件事：

  * You won’t see any vendor prefixes in the CSS snippets, but you will, of course, find them in the files.

您不会在CSS片段中看到任何供应商前缀，但是您当然会在文件中找到它们。

  * I personally use the box-model where [width] = [element-width] + [padding] + [borders]. I activate it with the following snippet: 

我个人使用[[width] = [element-width] + [padding] + [borders]的盒子模型。 我使用以下代码段激活它：

    
    
    		*,
    		*:after,
    		*:before {
    		    box-sizing: border-box;
    		}
    		
    

### 我们如何开始？(How do we start?)

First question: what do we need to create a drop-down? In general, we’ll use a
division with a span and an unordered list for the drop-down list (we might
tweak this for some examples):

第一个问题：创建下拉菜单需要什么？ 通常，我们将使用一个带跨度的除法器和一个无序列表作为下拉列表(对于某些示例，我们可能会对其进行调整)：

    
    
    <div class="wrapper-dropdown">
    	<span>I'm kinda the label!</span>
    	<ul class="dropdown">
    		<li>I'm hidden!</li>
    		<li>Me too!</li>
    		<li>So do I.</li>
    	</ul>
    </div>
    
    

### JavaScript(The JavaScript)

For now and before everything else, we need some JavaScript to make this work.
Since it’s basically the same JS snippet for all demos, let’s deal with it
now:

就目前而言，在一切之前，我们需要一些JavaScript才能完成这项工作。 由于对于所有演示来说，它基本上都是相同的JS代码段，所以让我们现在处理它：

    
    
    	//...
    
    	obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
    		$(this).toggleClass('active');
    		return false;
    	});
    
    	//...
    
    	$(function() {
    
    		var dd = new DropDown( $('#dd') );
    
    		$(document).click(function() {
    			// all dropdowns
    			$('.wrapper-dropdown-1').removeClass('active');
    		});
    
    	});
    
    

So what does this script do exactly? First, it toggles a class called
`.active` when you click on the wrapper. It means if the wrapper doesn’t have
the `.active` class, it adds it, and if it does, it removes it.

那么，该脚本到底能做什么？ 首先，当您单击包装器时，它将切换一个名为`.active`的类。
这意味着如果包装器没有`.active`类，则将其添加，如果有，则将其删除。

Second thing, it replicates the default behavior of a select drop-down by
closing it if you click anywhere else on the screen. Basically, the script
says if we click on a child from the <html> tag (so every single node on the
DOM), the wrapper loses its `.active` class. But we prevent this behavior on
the wrapper itself by stopping the propagation. Fairly simple, right?

第二件事，如果您单击屏幕上的任何其他位置，它将通过关闭选择下拉列表来复制默认行为。
基本上，脚本说如果我们从<html>标记中单击一个子项(因此DOM上的每个节点)，则包装器将丢失其`.active`类。
但是我们通过停止传播来防止包装器自身发生此行为。 很简单，对吧？

Well, now we understand how it works, I guess it’s time to create some neat
drop-downs!

好了，现在我们了解了它的工作原理，我想是时候创建一些简洁的下拉列表了！

###  例子1 (Example 1)

Let’s start with something simple: a basic drop-down for gender. Let’s look at
the markup first:

让我们从简单的事情开始：性别的基本下拉列表。 让我们先看一下标记：

####  标记 (The Markup)

We need a few things: a wrapper, a (hidden) drop-down list and a “label” which
we will wrap into a span. We use anchors because it seems semantically correct
to me, but we could have also used another tag.

我们需要一些东西：包装器，一个(隐藏的)下拉列表和一个“标签”，我们将它们包装成一个范围。
我们使用锚点是因为它对我而言在语义上是正确的，但我们也可以使用其他标记。

    
    
    <div id="dd" class="wrapper-dropdown-1" tabindex="1">
    	<span>Gender</span>
        <ul class="dropdown">
            <li><a href="#">Male</a></li>
            <li><a href="#">Female</a></li>
        </ul>
    </div>
    
    

#### CSS(The CSS)

Let’s dig into the CSS which is our focus in this tutorial. We will start with
the wrapper:

让我们深入研究CSS，这是本教程的重点。 我们将从包装器开始：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown {
        /* Size and position */
        position: relative; /* Enable absolute positioning for children and pseudo elements */
        width: 200px;
        padding: 10px;
        margin: 0 auto;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #9bc7de;
        color: #fff;
        outline: none;
        cursor: pointer;
    
        /* Font settings */
        font-weight: bold;
    }
    
    

We did a few things here. First we set a width to our dropdown and some
paddings/margins. Next, we gave it some styles. And finally, we set some font
settings, which will cascade to the dropdown itself.

我们在这里做了一些事情。 首先，我们为下拉菜单和一些填充/边距设置宽度。 接下来，我们给它一些样式。
最后，我们设置一些字体设置，这些设置将级联到下拉菜单本身。

Let’s finish with the “label” by adding the little arrow on the right with a
pseudo-element (styling purpose = no extra markup).

让我们以“标签”结束，在右边添加一个带有伪元素的小箭头(样式目的=没有额外的标记)。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown:after {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        right: 16px;
        top: 50%;
        margin-top: -6px;
        border-width: 6px 0 6px 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: transparent #fff;    
    }
    
    

I think we all know how to create a little triangle with CSS thanks to some
border tricks. It’s a hack yep, but it works pretty well so why not? Nothing
much there then: a little white down arrow on the right of the wrapper.

我想我们都知道由于一些边框技巧，如何使用CSS创建一个小三角形。 是的，是的，但是效果很好，为什么不呢？ 那里没什么了：包装纸右边的白色向下箭头。

We have a nice little button there, but without an actual drop-down it has no
point really. So let’s deal with our list!

我们在那里有一个漂亮的小按钮，但是没有实际的下拉菜单实际上没有任何意义。 因此，让我们处理一下清单！

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-1 .dropdown {
    	/* Size & position */
        position: absolute;
        top: 100%;
        left: 0; /* Size */
        right: 0; /* Size */
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        font-weight: normal; /* Overwrites previous font-weight: bold; */
    
        /* Hiding */
        opacity: 0;
        pointer-events: none;
    }
    
    

What did we just do? We give the drop-down absolute positioning and placed it
just behind the button (`top: 100%;`). We gave it the same width as the button
with the left and right values set to 0. And more importantly, we hide it by
reducing its opacity to 0. What about pointer-events? Not seeing something
doesn’t mean it’s not there. Setting pointer-events to none prevents clicking
on the dropdown while it’s “hidden”.

我们刚刚做了什么？ 我们给出下拉菜单的绝对位置，并将其放置在按钮的后面( `top: 100%;` )。
我们将其宽度设置为与按钮的宽度相同，并且将左值和右值设置为0。更重要的是，我们通过将其不透明度降低为0来隐藏它。指针事件呢？
没有看到东西并不意味着它不存在。 将指针事件设置为none可以防止在“隐藏”状态下单击下拉列表。

Let’s give some styles to the list elements inside the dropdown:

让我们为下拉列表中的列表元素提供一些样式：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-1 .dropdown li a {
        display: block;
        text-decoration: none;
        color: #9e9e9e;
        padding: 10px 20px;
    }
    
    /* Hover state */
    .wrapper-dropdown-1 .dropdown li:hover a {
        background: #f3f8f8;
    }
    
    

Okay, so we have a nice button and a nice hidden drop-down menu. Now we have
to deal with the “open” case when you click on the button to show the options.
With JavaScript we toggle a class `.active` when we click on the button, so
based on this class we can change our CSS to show the drop-down.

好的，我们有一个不错的按钮和一个不错的隐藏下拉菜单。 现在，当您单击按钮以显示选项时，我们必须处理“打开”情况。
使用JavaScript，我们在单击按钮时会切换一个`.active`类，因此基于该类，我们可以更改CSS以显示下拉菜单。

    
    
    /* Active state */
    .wrapper-dropdown-1.active .dropdown {
        opacity: 1;
        pointer-events: auto;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-1.active:after {
        border-color: #9bc7de transparent;
        border-width: 6px 6px 0 6px ;
        margin-top: -3px;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-1.active {
      background: #9bc7de;
      background: linear-gradient(to right, #9bc7de 0%, #9bc7de 78%, #ffffff 78%, #ffffff 100%);
    }			
    
    

Three things here:

这里的三件事：

  * First, we make the drop-down appear by turning its opacity to 1. Don’t forget to set the pointer-event to auto to enable the interaction with it!

首先，我们将下拉菜单的不透明度设置为1，以显示下拉菜单。不要忘记将指针事件设置为auto来启用与它的交互！

  * Next, we change the direction and the color of the little arrow.

接下来，我们更改小箭头的方向和颜色。

  * Then, we change the background behind the arrow by using a clever gradient on the button. Isn’t that nice?

然后，通过在按钮上使用智能渐变来更改箭头后面的背景。 那不是很好吗？

####  JavaScript (The JavaScript)

Last but not least, we also have to add another JavaScript snippet to make the
button display the selected value.

最后但并非最不重要的一点是，我们还必须添加另一个JavaScript代码段以使按钮显示所选值。

    
    
    function DropDown(el) {
        this.dd = el;
        this.placeholder = this.dd.children('span');
        this.opts = this.dd.find('ul.dropdown > li');
        this.val = '';
        this.index = -1;
        this.initEvents();
    }
    DropDown.prototype = {
        initEvents : function() {
            var obj = this;
    
            obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
                $(this).toggleClass('active');
                return false;
            });
    
            obj.opts.on('click',function(){
                var opt = $(this);
                obj.val = opt.text();
                obj.index = opt.index();
                obj.placeholder.text('Gender: ' + obj.val);
            });
        },
        getValue : function() {
            return this.val;
        },
        getIndex : function() {
            return this.index;
        }
    }
    
    

Very simple code here: when an element is clicked we get its value and display
it in the “label”.

此处的代码非常简单：单击某个元素后，我们将获得其值并将其显示在“标签”中。

###  例子2 (Example 2)

What a beautiful little drop-down to choose your way to sign in! I know, we
use to have fancy buttons for that but let’s try something new, shall we?

选择您的登录方式真是个美丽的小下拉菜单！ 我知道，我们过去常常为此花哨的按钮，但让我们尝试一些新的东西，对吧？

####  标记 (The Markup)

    
    
    <div id="dd" class="wrapper-dropdown-2">Sign in with
    	<ul class="dropdown">
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-twitter icon-large"></i>Twitter</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-github icon-large"></i>Github</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-facebook icon-large"></i>Facebook</a></li>
    	</ul>
    </div>
    
    

The <i> tags are used to display little icons from FontAwesome. I won’t
explain all the FontAwesome stuff here because it has already been covered
multiple times, I guess. Just make sure it works. 😛

<i>标记用于显示FontAwesome中的小图标。 我想这里不会解释所有FontAwesome的东西，因为它已经被覆盖过多次了。 只要确保它能工作即可。
😛

####  CSS (The CSS)

Let’s start with the wrapper, shall we? Pretty much the same as the wrapper in
the previous example. Note the 5px left border, it’s important for the
following. 😉

让我们从包装器开始吧？ 与上一个示例中的包装程序几乎相同。 请注意5px的左边框，这对于以下操作很重要。 😉

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 {
        /* Size and position */
        position: relative; /* Enable absolute positioning for children and pseudo elements */
        width: 200px;
        margin: 0 auto;
        padding: 10px 15px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        border-left: 5px solid grey;
        cursor: pointer;
        outline: none;
    }
    
    

Now the little arrow. Exactly the same as before:

现在是小箭头。 与之前完全相同：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2:after {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        right: 16px;
        top: 50%;
        margin-top: -3px;
        border-width: 6px 6px 0 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: grey transparent;
    }
    
    

And here comes the drop-down list. Again, it’s pretty much the same thing like
in the previous example:

这是下拉列表。 同样，它与上一个示例几乎相同：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown {
      /* Size & position */
        position: absolute;
        top: 100%;
        left: -5px;
        right: 0px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: white;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
        list-style: none;
    
        /* Hiding */
        opacity: 0;
        pointer-events: none;
    }
    
    

Please note the transition that we’ll use to make the drop-down progressively
appear (animate) instead of simply pop up like in the first demo.

请注意，我们将用于逐步显示下拉列表(动画)的过渡，而不是像第一个演示中那样简单地弹出。

Some styles for the links and the icons:

链接和图标的一些样式：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li a {
        display: block;
        text-decoration: none;
        color: #333;
        border-left: 5px solid;
        padding: 10px;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li:nth-child(1) a { 
        border-left-color: #00ACED;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li:nth-child(2) a {
        border-left-color: #4183C4;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li:nth-child(3) a {
        border-left-color: #3B5998;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li i {
        margin-right: 5px;
        color: inherit;
        vertical-align: middle;
    }
    
    /* Hover state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2 .dropdown li:hover a {
        color: grey;
    }
    
    

We give the links a left border with a color based on the brand they stand
for. The text is slightly indented to the right via a margin-right on the
icons.

根据链接所代表的品牌，我们为链接的左侧边框加上颜色。 文本通过图标上的右空白向右稍微缩进。

And now, the expanded state. Pretty straight forward: the arrow changes
direction, and the drop-down list becomes visible. Thanks to the transition
property on the drop-down, it appears progressively (opacity animates from 0
to 1).

而现在，扩展状态。 非常简单：箭头会更改方向，并且下拉列表将变为可见。 由于下拉菜单中的transition属性，它逐渐显示(不透明度从0到1动画)。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2.active:after {
        border-width: 0 6px 6px 6px;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-2.active .dropdown {
        opacity: 1;
        pointer-events: auto;
    }
    
    

#### JavaScript(The JavaScript)

    
    
    function DropDown(el) {
        this.dd = el;
        this.initEvents();
    }
    DropDown.prototype = {
        initEvents : function() {
            var obj = this;
    
            obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
                $(this).toggleClass('active');
                event.stopPropagation();
            }); 
        }
    }
    
    

### 例子3(Example 3)

This one is probably the one which comes the closest to a regular select
element. Indeed, when you pick something, the label’s default value is
replaced by the picked value. On a side note: it looks great doesn’t it?

这可能是最接近常规选择元素的那个。 确实，当您选择某物时，标签的默认值将替换为所选择的值。 附带说明：看起来不错，不是吗？

####  标记 (The Markup)

    
    
    <div id="dd" class="wrapper-dropdown-3" tabindex="1">
    	<span>Transport</span>
    	<ul class="dropdown">
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-envelope icon-large"></i>Classic mail</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-truck icon-large"></i>UPS Delivery</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-plane icon-large"></i>Private jet</a></li>
    	</ul>
    </div>
    
    

Not much more than before. Let’s go with the CSS!

没有比以前更多。 让我们一起来看看CSS！

####  CSS (The CSS)

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 {
        /* Size and position */
        position: relative;
        width: 200px;
        margin: 0 auto;
        padding: 10px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        border-radius: 7px;
        border: 1px solid rgba(0,0,0,0.15);
        box-shadow: 0 1px 1px rgba(50,50,50,0.1);
        cursor: pointer;
        outline: none;
    
        /* Font settings */
        font-weight: bold;
        color: #8AA8BD;
    }
    
    

Here we use some borders, a box-shadow and rounded corners. We need the little
arrow:

在这里，我们使用一些边框，一个盒子阴影和圆角。 我们需要小箭头：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3:after {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        right: 15px;
        top: 50%;
        margin-top: -3px;
        border-width: 6px 6px 0 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: #8aa8bd transparent;
    }
    
    

This is the same as before, so let’s skip forward to the drop-down and its
children.

与之前相同，因此让我们跳至下拉列表及其子项。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown {
      /* Size & position */
        position: absolute;
        top: 140%;
        left: 0;
        right: 0;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: white;
        border-radius: inherit;
        border: 1px solid rgba(0,0,0,0.17);
        box-shadow: 0 0 5px rgba(0,0,0,0.1);
        font-weight: normal;
        transition: all 0.5s ease-in;
        list-style: none;
    
        /* Hiding */
        opacity: 0;
        pointer-events: none;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown li a {
        display: block;
        padding: 10px;
        text-decoration: none;
        color: #8aa8bd;
        border-bottom: 1px solid #e6e8ea;
        box-shadow: inset 0 1px 0 rgba(255,255,255,1);
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown li i {
        float: right;
        color: inherit;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown li:first-of-type a {
        border-radius: 7px 7px 0 0;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown li:last-of-type a {
        border-radius: 0 0 7px 7px;
        border: none;
    }
    
    /* Hover state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown li:hover a {
        background: #f3f8f8;
    }
    
    

A few notes here:

这里有一些注意事项：

  * We use a little box-shadow on the links in order to create a subtle light effect on their top.

我们在链接上使用一个小盒子阴影，以在其顶部创建微妙的灯光效果。

  * To prevent this shadow to go out of the menu, we give the first link rounded corners.

为了防止该阴影超出菜单，我们将第一个链接设置为圆角。

  * We remove the border of the last link to avoid a 1px weird border at the bottom of the dropdown.

我们删除了最后一个链接的边框，以避免下拉菜单底部出现1px的怪异边框。

  * We don’t change the markup to place icons on the right: a simple `float: right` works like a charm.

我们不会更改标记来在右侧放置图标：一个简单的`float: right`就像一个吊饰。

Everything looks right except the little arrow on the top right of the drop-
down. This arrow is important: without it, the dropdown looks like it’s
floating with no connection to the button.

除下拉菜单右上角的小箭头外，其他所有内容均显示正确。 此箭头很重要：没有箭头，下拉列表看起来就像是浮动的，与按钮没有任何连接。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown:after {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        bottom: 100%;
        right: 15px;
        border-width: 0 6px 6px 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: #fff transparent;    
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3 .dropdown:before {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        bottom: 100%;
        right: 13px;
        border-width: 0 8px 8px 8px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: rgba(0,0,0,0.1) transparent;    
    }
    
    

Why are we using two pseudo-elements for this arrow? We want to create the
border around it. Basically we create a white triangle sitting on top of a
grey and slightly larger one. This way, it looks like there is only one little
arrow with a border.

为什么我们为此箭头使用两个伪元素？ 我们要在其周围创建边框。 基本上，我们在灰色的稍大一点的顶部创建一个白色三角形。 这样，看起来只有一个带边框的小箭头。

An now the expanded state. Always the same thing. However, note how we set the
transition to the `.dropdown` a bit longer than usual (0.5s instead of 0.3s).
That way, the opening of the menu is very smooth.

现在是展开状态。 总是一样的东西。 但是，请注意我们如何将过渡到`.dropdown`的时间设置得比平时更长(0.5s而不是0.3s)。
这样，菜单的打开非常流畅。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-3.active .dropdown {
        opacity: 1;
        pointer-events: auto;
    }
    
    

#### JavaScript(The JavaScript)

To finish this demo, we need to add a little bit of JavaScript to replace the
default value of the button by the selected one. We saw how to do it in the
first example, but since we don’t keep the “Transport” word here, the JS is
very slightly different.

要完成此演示，我们需要添加一些JavaScript以将按钮的默认值替换为所选按钮的默认值。 在第一个示例中，我们看到了如何执行此操作，但是由于这里没有保留“
Transport”一词，因此JS略有不同。

    
    
    function DropDown(el) {
        this.dd = el;
        this.placeholder = this.dd.children('span');
        this.opts = this.dd.find('ul.dropdown > li');
        this.val = '';
        this.index = -1;
        this.initEvents();
    }
    DropDown.prototype = {
        initEvents : function() {
            var obj = this;
    
            obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
                $(this).toggleClass('active');
                return false;
            });
    
            obj.opts.on('click',function(){
                var opt = $(this);
                obj.val = opt.text();
                obj.index = opt.index();
                obj.placeholder.text(obj.val);
            });
        },
        getValue : function() {
            return this.val;
        },
        getIndex : function() {
            return this.index;
        }
    }
    
    

### 例子4(Example 4)

Looks different, doesn’t it? For this one, I thought it would be cool to
create a little to-do-list instead of a select drop-down or a drop-down menu.
Nothing spectacular, but different than previous demos for sure. 😉

看起来不一样，不是吗？ 对于这个，我认为创建一个小的待办事项列表而不是选择下拉菜单或下拉菜单会很酷。 没什么特别的，但是肯定与以前的演示不同。 😉

####  标记 (The Markup)

    
    
    <div id="dd" class="wrapper-dropdown-4">To do
    	<ul class="dropdown">
    		<li><input type="checkbox" id="el-1" name="el-1" value="donut"><label for="el-1">Eat a donut</label></li>
    		<li><input type="checkbox" id="el-2" name="el-2" value="neighbour"><label for="el-2">Spy on my neighbours</label></li>
    		<li><input type="checkbox" id="el-3" name="el-3" value="T-rex"><label for="el-3">Feed my T-Rex</label></li>
    	</ul>
    </div>
    
    

No more links. No more icons. For each element, we have two things: a checkbox
linked to a label.

没有更多链接。 没有更多的图标。 对于每个元素，我们有两件事：链接到标签的复选框。

####  CSS (The CSS)

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 {
        /* Size and position */
        position: relative;
        width: 270px;
        margin: 0 auto;
        padding: 10px 10px 10px 30px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        border: 1px solid silver;
        cursor: pointer;
        outline: none;
    }
    
    

Nothing to say except that we use an important left padding to create enough
space for the red lines. Now, the little arrow on the right:

除了使用重要的左填充为红线创建足够的空间外，无话可说。 现在，右边的小箭头：

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4:after {
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        right: 10px;
        top: 50%;
        margin-top: -3px;
        border-width: 6px 6px 0 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: #ffaa9f transparent;
    }
    
    

The dropdown. I’m pretty sure you’re getting used to it. 🙂

下拉菜单。 我敢肯定你已经习惯了。 🙂

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown {
        /* Size & position */
        position: absolute;
        top: 100%;
        margin-top: 1px; /* border of wrapper */
        left: -1px;
        right: -1px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: white;
        border: 1px solid silver;
        border-top: none;
        list-style: none;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
      
        /* Hiding */
        opacity: 0;
        pointer-events: none;
    }
    
    

We need to set the margin-top to 1px because we need to push it a bit down due
to the border of the wrapper. The left is set to -1px to pull the drop-down
into position and we’ll give it the same border like its parent, except that
we take away the top one.

我们需要将margin-top设置为1px，因为由于包装器的边框，我们需要将margin-top向下推一点。
左侧设置为-1px以将下拉列表拉到适当位置，我们将为其父边框赋予相同的边框，只是我们将顶部边框取走。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li {
        position: relative; /* Enable absolute positioning for checkboxes */
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li label {
        display: block;
        padding: 10px 10px 10px 30px; /* Same padding as the button */
        border-bottom: 1px dotted #1ccfcf;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li:last-of-type label {
        border: none;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li input /* Checkboxes */ {
        position: absolute;
        display: block;
        right: 10px;
        top: 50%;
        margin-top: -8px;
    }
    
    /* Hover state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li:hover label {
        background: #f0f0f0;
    }
    
    /* Checked state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li input:checked ~ label {
        color: grey;
        text-decoration: line-through;
    }
    
    

Checkboxes are absolutely placed on the middle right of each line but since
they are linked to labels, you can click wherever you want on the line to
toggle them. When a checkbox is checked, the following respective label
becomes grey and crossed-out. Simple but effective.

复选框绝对位于每行的右中间，但是由于它们链接到标签，因此您可以在该行上的任意位置单击以切换它们。 选中复选框后，以下各个标签将变为灰色并划掉。 简单但有效。

And now, we have to deal with the two thin red lines on the left of our little
notebook. There are two ways to do this: one with pseudo-elements and one with
gradients. Let’s look at both of them.

现在，我们必须处理小笔记本左侧的两条细红线。 有两种方法可以做到这一点：一种是使用伪元素，另一种是使用渐变。 让我们看看它们两者。

    
    
    /* Red lines: the pseudo-elements way */
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown:before,
    .wrapper-dropdown-4:before {
        content: "";
        width: 4px;
        height: 100%;
        position: absolute;
        top: 0;
        left: 15px;
        border: 1px solid #ffaa9f;
        border-top: none;
        border-bottom: none;
        z-index: 2;
    }
    
    /* OR: */
    /* Red lines: the gradients way */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown,
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 {
      background: linear-gradient(left, white 5%, #ffaa9f 5%, #ffaa9f 5.3%, white 5.3%, white 6.5%, #ffaa9f 6.5%, #ffaa9f 6.8%, white 6.8%);
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4 .dropdown li:hover label {
      background: linear-gradient(left, #f0F0F0 5%, #ffaa9f 5%, #ffaa9f 5.3%, #f0F0F0 5.3%, #f0F0F0 6.5%, #ffaa9f 6.5%, #ffaa9f 6.8%, #f0F0F0 6.8%);
    }
    
    
    

The first method creates a pseudo-element (two actually: one for the button
and one for the dropdown) with left and right borders sitting on top of
everything else. The second method fakes the red lines with a gradient on
both, the wrapper and the dropdown. So which one is better? Probably the first
one, because if you want to change the hover effect on the list elements, you
have to change the gradient which is pretty awful. Plus, pseudo-elements have
a way better browser support (back to IE8) than gradients (not supported until
IE10).

第一种方法创建一个伪元素(实际上是两个：一个用于按钮，一个用于下拉菜单)，其左右边界位于其他所有元素的顶部。
第二种方法在包装器和下拉菜单上都使用渐变来伪造红线。 那么哪个更好呢？ 可能是第一个，因为如果要更改列表元素的悬停效果，则必须更改非常糟糕的渐变。
另外，伪元素比梯度(IE10之前不支持)具有更好的浏览器支持(回到IE8)。

Let’s end it with the expanded state. Nothing new here.

让我们以扩展状态结束。 这里没有新内容。

    
    
    /* Active state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4.active:after {
        border-width: 0 6px 6px 6px;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-4.active .dropdown {
        opacity: 1;
        pointer-events: auto;
    }
    
    

#### JavaScript(The JavaScript)

    
    
    function DropDown(el) {
        this.dd = el;
        this.opts = this.dd.find('ul.dropdown > li');
        this.val = [];
        this.index = [];
        this.initEvents();
    }
    DropDown.prototype = {
        initEvents : function() {
            var obj = this;
    
            obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
                $(this).toggleClass('active');
                event.stopPropagation();
            });
    
            obj.opts.children('label').on('click',function(event){
                var opt = $(this).parent(),
                    chbox = opt.children('input'),
                    val = chbox.val(),
                    idx = opt.index();
    
                ($.inArray(val, obj.val) !== -1) ? obj.val.splice( $.inArray(val, obj.val), 1 ) : obj.val.push( val );
                ($.inArray(idx, obj.index) !== -1) ? obj.index.splice( $.inArray(idx, obj.index), 1 ) : obj.index.push( idx );
            });
        },
        getValue : function() {
            return this.val;
        },
        getIndex : function() {
            return this.index;
        }
    }
    
    

### 例子5(Example 5)

Our last example is a little drop-down menu for some admin panel. For this
one, we will use a different animation when we toggle it. Instead of
appearing/disappearing, it will slide up and down.

我们的最后一个示例是一些管理面板的下拉菜单。 为此，切换时将使用不同的动画。 它不会出现/消失，而是会上下滑动。

####  标记 (The markup)

    
    
    <div id="dd" class="wrapper-dropdown-5" tabindex="1">John Doe
    	<ul class="dropdown">
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-user"></i>Profile</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-cog"></i>Settings</a></li>
    		<li><a href="#"><i class="icon-remove"></i>Log out</a></li>
    	</ul>
    </div>
    
    

#### CSS(The CSS)

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 {
        /* Size & position */
        position: relative;
        width: 200px;
        margin: 0 auto;
        padding: 12px 15px;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        border-radius: 5px;
        box-shadow: 0 1px 0 rgba(0,0,0,0.2);
        cursor: pointer;
        outline: none;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5:after { /* Little arrow */
        content: "";
        width: 0;
        height: 0;
        position: absolute;
        top: 50%;
        right: 15px;
        margin-top: -3px;
        border-width: 6px 6px 0 6px;
        border-style: solid;
        border-color: #4cbeff transparent;
    }
    
    

Basic stuff there. Let’s go to the dropdown, which is a little bit different
than usual.

那里的基本东西。 让我们转到下拉菜单，该下拉菜单与平时有点不同。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown {
        /* Size & position */
        position: absolute;
        top: 100%;
        left: 0;
        right: 0;
    
        /* Styles */
        background: #fff;
        border-radius: 0 0 5px 5px;
        border: 1px solid rgba(0,0,0,0.2);
        border-top: none;
        border-bottom: none;
        list-style: none;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
    
        /* Hiding */
        max-height: 0;
        overflow: hidden;
    }
    
    

This time, we don’t turn the opacity to 0 to hide the menu. We set its max-
height to 0 and its overflow to hidden. Why its max-height and not its height?
Because we don’t know the exact height of the expanded drop-down. So no need
of pointer-events this time since the menu is really not there.

这次，我们不将不透明度设置为0以隐藏菜单。 我们将其最大高度设置为0，并将其溢出设置为隐藏。 为什么是最大高度而不是高度？
因为我们不知道扩展下拉列表的确切高度。 因此，由于菜单实际上不存在，因此这次不需要指针事件。

Quick and simple styles for the list elements.

列表元素的快速和简单样式。

    
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown li {
        padding: 0 10px ;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown li a {
        display: block;
        text-decoration: none;
        color: #333;
        padding: 10px 0;
        transition: all 0.3s ease-out;
        border-bottom: 1px solid #e6e8ea;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown li:last-of-type a {
        border: none;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown li i {
        margin-right: 5px;
        color: inherit;
        vertical-align: middle;
    }
    
    /* Hover state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5 .dropdown li:hover a {
        color: #57a9d9;
    }
    
    

And now, the active state:

现在，处于活动状态：

    
    
    /* Active state */
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5.active {
        border-radius: 5px 5px 0 0;
        background: #4cbeff;
        box-shadow: none;
        border-bottom: none;
        color: white;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5.active:after {
        border-color: #82d1ff transparent;
    }
    
    .wrapper-dropdown-5.active .dropdown {
        border-bottom: 1px solid rgba(0,0,0,0.2);
        max-height: 400px;
    }
    
    

When the dropdown is open, we change the bottom corners of the button, its
color, its arrow direction and arrow color and remove both, its box-shadow and
its border. And to show the menu, we set the max-height of the dropdown to
400px. We could have set it to 500px, 1000px ou 1000000px; it doesn’t matter
as long as it’s taller than its height.

打开下拉菜单后，我们将更改按钮的底角，其颜色，箭头方向和箭头颜色，并同时删除其框阴影和边框。 为了显示菜单，我们将下拉菜单的最大高度设置为400px。
我们可以将其设置为500px，1000px或1000000px； 只要它比它的高度高就没有关系。

####  JavaScript (The JavaScript)

    
    
    function DropDown(el) {
        this.dd = el;
        this.initEvents();
    }
    DropDown.prototype = {
        initEvents : function() {
            var obj = this;
    
            obj.dd.on('click', function(event){
                $(this).toggleClass('active');
                event.stopPropagation();
            }); 
        }
    }
    
    

### 后备(Fallbacks)

Okay guys, we now have 5 awesome drop-downs working like a charm, but what
about legacy browsers? These browsers don’t understand the opacity property.
And if some of these do with filters, they don’t understand pointer-events. It
sucks and this is why you might want to put a fallback in place.

好的，我们现在有5个很棒的下拉菜单，就像一个超级按钮，但是旧版浏览器呢？ 这些浏览器不了解opacity属性。
而且，如果其中一些使用过滤器，它们将无法理解指针事件。 这很糟糕，这就是为什么您可能想要放置一个备用的原因。

This is where our friend Modernizr is coming into play. Roughly, for those who
don’t know what Modernizr is, it’s a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and
CSS3 features in the user’s browser. Thanks to this awesome script, we can
basically tell the browser _“if you don’t support *this* property, then do
*that*”_. With Modernizr we can have classes added to the html, for example,
“no-pointerevents” if there is no support for pointer-events (make sure to
select that in the non-core detects when you build your Modernizr). The
following is an example of how we can manage the fallback for browsers that
don’t support certain CSS properties:

这是我们的朋友Modernizr发挥作用的地方。
粗略地说，对于那些不知道Modernizr是什么的人来说，它是一个JavaScript库，可以检测用户浏览器中HTML5和CSS3功能。
由于有了这个出色的脚本，我们基本上可以告诉浏览器 _“如果您不支持* this *属性，那么请执行* that *”_ 。
使用Modernizr，我们可以将类添加到html中，例如，如果不支持指针事件(请确保在构建您的Modernizr时在非核心中选择该选项)，则可以使用“
no-pointerevents”。 以下是一个示例，说明如何为不支持某些CSS属性的浏览器管理后备广告：

    
    
    /* No CSS3 support */
    
    .no-opacity       .wrapper-dropdown-1 .dropdown,
    .no-pointerevents .wrapper-dropdown-1 .dropdown {
        display: none;
        opacity: 1; /* If opacity support but no pointer-events support */
        pointer-events: auto; /* If pointer-events support but no pointer-events support */
    }
    
    .no-opacity       .wrapper-dropdown-1.active .dropdown,
    .no-pointerevents .wrapper-dropdown-1.active .dropdown {
        display: block;
    }
    
    

If the browser doesn’t support either opacity or pointer-events, then we hide
the drop-down with a simple `display: none;`. If the browser doesn’t support
opacity but does support pointer-events, we set those to `auto` to allow the
user to click on the menu once expanded. In the other hand, if the browser
doesn’t support pointer-events but does support opacity, we set it to 1 to
make the dropdown appear once the `.active` class is toggled.

如果浏览器不支持不透明度或指针事件，那么我们用简单的`display: none;`隐藏下拉菜单`display: none;` 。
如果浏览器不支持不透明度，但支持指针事件，则将其设置为`auto`以允许用户在展开菜单后单击菜单。
另一方面，如果浏览器不支持指针事件但支持不透明度，则将其设置为1，以在切换`.active`类后使下拉菜单出现。

When the `.active` class is toggled, we show the drop-down with `display:
block;`. Easy peasy!

切换`.active`类时，我们使用`display: block;`下拉列表`display: block;` 。 十分简单！

_Note: of course this doesn’t apply for the demo with the max-height
animation. Only for the others with opacity and pointer-events._

_注意：当然，这不适用于具有max-height动画的演示。_ _仅适用于具有不透明度和指针事件的其他对象。_

###  最后的话 (Final words)

I hope this tutorial helped you understand how to make your custom drop-downs.
As you can see, it is fairly straight forward and pretty simple both, the CSS
and the JavaScript. Please, don’t forget to use fallbacks or tell your users
to enable JavaScript. Thank you for reading this tutorial. And of course if
you have any question or related work to show, please do! 🙂

我希望本教程可以帮助您了解如何制作自定义下拉菜单。 如您所见，CSS和JavaScript都非常简单明了。
请不要忘记使用后备功能或告诉您的用户启用JavaScript。 感谢您阅读本教程。 当然，如果您有任何疑问或需要展示的相关工作，请这样做！ 🙂

> 翻译自: https://tympanus.net/codrops/2012/10/04/custom-drop-down-list-styling/

安卓自定义下拉列表样式

