---
title: 通过Oracle数据库向ActiveMQ发送JMS消息
categories: 服务器端 数据库
tags: activemq ActiveMQ jms JMS oracle Oracle ORACLE
---
转自：http://blog.synyx.de/2011/10/sending-jms-from-oracledb-to-external-
activemq-broker/。

#  Sending JMS from OracleDB to external ActiveMQ Broker

Posted on October 18, 2011 by Alexander Menz | Posted in Developer Blog

After taking over a legacy application of which a huge part of the business
logic is formed by triggers and procedures inside an Oracle DB, we faced the
task of a step-by-step migration of that logic to Java code. Due to the
complete lack of a defined and sophisticated service layer and having other
systems connected using several autonomous interfaces which directly access
the underlying database this migration is quite complicated.

An idea popped up. As a intermediate step on the way to move the business
logic back to the Java side, why not port the trigger PL/SQL to Java (behind a
new created service layer) and let the trigger fire JMS messages to trigger
the execution of that Java code?

##  Prerequisites

Since Oracle 9i it is possible to use Java code in the Oracle DB. However the
provided (not replaceable) JDK lacks behind the current standards. On top of
that there are some specifics to be considered. Details on that topic can be
found here.

Our setup consists of the following components:

  * Oracle 11gR2 (providing JDK 1.5)
  * Active MQ 5.4.2 (the last version that can be build using JDK 1.5)
  * Spring 3.0.5

##  Preparation of user privileges

The following privileges must be granted to the database user (in our
demonstration: TEST) from which the sending of JMS messages shall occur.

Direct access to the class loader and system properties:

    
    
    call dbms_java.grant_permission( 'TEST', 'SYS:java.lang.RuntimePermission', 'getClassLoader', '' );
    call dbms_java.grant_permission( 'TEST', 'SYS:java.util.PropertyPermission', '*', 'read,write' );

Creating a socket connection and full access to it:

    
    
    call dbms_java.grant_permission( 'TEST', 'SYS:java.net.SocketPermission', '*', 'listen,resolve');
    call dbms_java.grant_permission( 'TEST', 'SYS:java.net.SocketPermission', '*', 'accept,resolve');
    call dbms_java.grant_permission( 'TEST', 'SYS:java.net.SocketPermission', '*', 'connect,resolve');

**Note:** The placeholder `'*'` allows the creation of socket connections to
any target host and port. In production systems that shall be reduced to the
IP range needed.

##  A small prototype

For demonstration purposes we use Spring to fire up an ActiveMQ broker,
initialize a test queue and add a simple listener. Here's the corresponding
part of the application context configuration.

    
    
    <!-- create message broker - instead of using a somewhere centralized activemq server -->
    <bean id="broker" class="org.apache.activemq.xbean.BrokerFactoryBean">
        <property name="config" value="classpath:META-INF/activemq.xml" />
        <property name="start" value="true" />
    </bean>
    
    <!-- a simple test queue - the queue name is specified by the bean id -->
    <bean id="testQueue" class="org.apache.activemq.command.ActiveMQQueue" />
    
    <!-- JMS connection factory (wrapped into a pooling connection factory) -->
    <bean id="jmsFactory" class="org.apache.activemq.pool.PooledConnectionFactory" destroy-method="stop">
        <property name="connectionFactory">
            <bean class="org.apache.activemq.ActiveMQConnectionFactory">
                <property name="brokerURL" value="tcp://localhost:61616" />
            </bean>
        </property>
    </bean>
    
    <!-- simple message listener just logging received message to stdout -->
    <bean id="simpleListener" class="com.synyx.prototype.jms.SimpleMessageListener" />
    
    <!-- listener container delegating to listener instances and wiring them to their destinations -->
    <jms:listener-container concurrency="10" connection-factory="jmsFactory">
        <jms:listener id="queueListener" destination="testQueue" ref="simpleListener" />
    </jms:listener-container>
    

On the side of the message producer a QueueConnectionFactory implementation
provides the connectivity to the ActiveMQ broker. For our prototype it lacks
any authentication mechanisms.

    
    
    public class ActiveMQQueueConnectionFactory implements QueueConnectionFactory {
    
        private ConnectionFactory connectionFactory = null;
    
        public ActiveMQQueueConnectionFactory(String brokerUrl) {
    
            this.connectionFactory = new ActiveMQConnectionFactory(brokerUrl);
        }
    
        public QueueConnection createQueueConnection() throws JMSException {
    
            return (QueueConnection) createConnection();
        }
    
        public QueueConnection createQueueConnection(String username, String password) throws JMSException {
    
            return createQueueConnection();
        }
    
        public Connection createConnection() throws JMSException {
    
            return this.connectionFactory.createConnection();
        }
    
        public Connection createConnection(String username, String password) throws JMSException {
    
            return createConnection();
        }
    }
    

The class QueueMessageSender implements a simple text message producer. Note
that the JMSException isn't caught but propageted to the caller. Exceptions
are finally handled by the global Oracle VM Exception Handler. That way, in
case of an exception, the exceptions message ends up in the ORA-XXXX error
designation and the full stack trace is stated in the user's session log.

    
    
    public class QueueMessageSender {
    
        private QueueConnectionFactory connectionFactory = null;
    
        public QueueMessageSender(QueueConnectionFactory connectionFactory) {
    
            this.connectionFactory = connectionFactory;
        }
    
        public void sendMessage(String destination, String message) throws JMSException {
    
            QueueConnection connection = null;
    
            try {
                connection = this.connectionFactory.createQueueConnection();
    
                QueueSession session = connection.createQueueSession(false, Session.AUTO_ACKNOWLEDGE);
    
                Queue queue = session.createQueue(destination);
                QueueSender sender = session.createSender(queue);
    
                TextMessage textMessage = session.createTextMessage(message);
                sender.send(textMessage);
            } finally {
                if (null != connection) {
                    connection.close();
                }
            }
        }
    }
    

The following class provides the entry point to be called from PL/SQL (i.e.
sending a message triggering the service call replacing the legacy trigger
code). For demonstration purposes it is kept simple like the rest of the code
examples. Note that the method acting as entry point must be static for beeing
callable from PL/SQL.

    
    
    public class JMSFromOracleTest {
    
        private static final String BROKER_URL = "tcp://192.168.x.x:61616";
        private static final String QUEUE_NAME = "testQueue";
    
        public static void sendMessage(String message) throws JMSException {
    
            QueueConnectionFactory connectionFactory = new ActiveMQQueueConnectionFactory(BROKER_URL);
            QueueMessageSender sender = new QueueMessageSender(connectionFactory);
    
            sender.sendMessage(QUEUE_NAME, message);
        }
    }
    

##  Packaging and Deployment to the Oracle DB

To simplify the deployment we created a small Maven project covering the
producer code and used the Maven Assembly plugin for packaging the producer
classes and all dependencies into a single JAR file. Again, to keep things
simple we added the activemq-all distribution as the only dependency.  
  
**Note:** All classes (the producer classes and _all_ dependencies) need to be
compiled using/for JDK 1.5 (class version <= 49.0).  
  
Oracle keeps all Java class files and resources in the database. As the name
implies, the command line tool "loadjava" is used to load Java resources into
the db. This command must be issued on the Oracle DB server itself. For that,
the environment variable ORACLE_HOME must be correctly set. In reverse, the
tool "dropjava" provides an easy way to unload Java resources from the DB.  
  
Issuing the following command loads all resources contained in our JAR file
into the Oracle DB.

    
    
    loadjava -v -r -u test/12345 -resolver "((* TEST) (* PUBLIC) (* -))" JMSSender-1.0-SNAPSHOT-jar-with-dependencies.jar
    

The switch `-r` enables the resolving of all classes references by the loaded
classes. If any reference made by a class could not be resolved, that class is
marked `INVALID`. Classes referencing invalid classes are also marked
`INVALID`. Note that we declared our own resolver using the `-resolver`
parameter. Using the parameter as stated above all classes in any package
declared in the SCHEMA `TEST` and `PUBLIC` are allowed to reference unresolved
dependencies. That way features and connectors of ActiveMQ not used (and
therefore lack the required dependencies) do not invalidate the core classes.
The parameter `-u` is followed by the user credentials (username/password) of
the user to whose default schema the resources are deployed.  
  
After all resources contained in the JAR file are deployed (this may take a
while - but keeps you entertained because of the `-v` parameter), we need to
create a stored procedure usable from PL/SQL that directs the call to the
entry point method of our Java implementation. For general information on
calling Java Methods from PL/SQL (i.e. referencing parameters and return
values) see here.

    
    
    CREATE OR REPLACE PROCEDURE sendJmsMessage(message IN VARCHAR2) 
    AS LANGUAGE JAVA NAME 'com.synyx.prototype.jms.JMSFromOracleTest.sendMessage(java.lang.String)';
    

Finally, we are done. Calling the procedure from PL/SQL will invoke our Java
method and a text message containing the given text will be posted.

    
    
    call sendjmsmessage('hello from oracle');
    

* * *

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

##  About Alexander Menz

  * menz@synyx.de

